all press i'm magna and this is a new business
workshop
but before starting it, I would like you
tell about your second channel on
which comes out almost every display
until the day that if he goes to the shooting range
the future will be many more interesting
games subscribe
so in fifth place we have trail
on marketing
here is frozen well damn in
principle on on morphing in general not
normal sets that I strongly
just like the srl blade and
with the third with this they will be completely not
not fit well if they are still changing
keels
it will be a very good set for
marketing lovers let's see
that we are in fourth place but on
fourth place we have this strongest
teams and the world and
it's a set of ursus how do you know that
logo is more precisely the virtus.pro symbol is
bear but from close legs they have
kura bear and now they have released a set
on ursa but here is nothing for me
Especially in fact, such a carpet
rear curtain
Well, damn I do not know, in principle, cool on
Ursu ​​is also not particularly multi-sets for
diversity comes but maxim is
fourth place but third place with us
already pretty serious work here we are
We see the light on the navigator and that I really
like this how his belt is made and not
from behind him now I will show you how you are
You can see such a thing. It is also very
cool
A good addition even if you don’t
like let's say hats from this set then
you can just take
scroll if he will go separately well
or
completely headless armor but on a very
bad all for 3 place fit
Well Well if earlier it was not for us
very usually, but now it appears
more and more ready chests
here we have a chest but not so to say
with things on heroes and with interfaces in
cool principle i even think that this
the chest can be released but so that it does not
became very expensive let's say for 99 cents
You can open it several times if
I will definitely release a video on it
so but the first interface is such
bone here you can see 2
the interface is not very clear too some
skull bones
such a calm color is suitable for those
who doesn’t really like to change anything
interface residues and very dark here
just me so here we have the plot
some such green stone ruins
something reminds me of skyrim
This interface is the fifth
glacial price themed and koruna
some incomprehensible inscriptions principle
very cool and concludes this set
golden yellow interface just
yellow metal is more precisely golden
gold is shorter
the interface is cool for an amateur but me
I personally liked this one more
green which reminds me skyrim
well then let's see what we have on
first place first place us quotes
mr dark sir such cosmically even
called serov for galaxy on dark sira
there are no worthy things at all and this color
very good for lovers
dark sir i am almost faithful that he
changes animation and very seriously
change because well I do not know tass this
leagues
I really liked for some reason no longer
flowers for Halloween all the same for all
understand that there will be no such shit that
fat gay very bad
I also want to tell you if you yourself
do draw these things here you
can write in the comments to give
I will look at the link and almost sphere
probability one hundred percent i will add it
in the top may not in the first place but all
even in my video you will see your set
because how I want to help
young author will progress
workshop thank you all for your attention, I
hope you enjoyed the video coming out
as often as possible, well, more precisely, more stable
like everyone good luck everyone